---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/learning-in-public/2024-05-01/","created":"2025-06-14T23:55:14.506-04:00","updated":"2025-06-14T23:55:14.506-04:00"}
---

# git commit -m
## Obsidian
### Semantic Canvas
I briefly tested the [Semantic Canvas](https://github.com/aarongilly/obsidian-semantic-canvas-plugin) plugin to see if it could replace the [Metadata Menu](https://github.com/mdelobelle/metadatamenu) in my research workflow as recommended [here](https://forum.obsidian.md/t/organizing-research-by-creating-traceable-links-in-the-canvas/79711/2?u=fliph19switch). The plugin seems to work well and I could see it replacing Metadata Menu for me someday.

The main benefit I saw from my brief test was that there was no setup - it automatically converted existing Canvas links into links in the YAML metadata for each file, and it created the links in the correct directions.

It also combined links into the same property from multiple canvases, whereas Metadata Menu tied a canvas to a specific property - pages can be linked together on multiple canvases with Metadata Menu, but the links are created across multiple properties. I'm not sure which is a better approach right now.

There are other functions shown in [this demo video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XUFktKsP-JA) that I did not test out.

I am hesitant to switch to Semantic Canvas yet because it was only released in [March 2024](https://github.com/aarongilly/obsidian-semantic-canvas-plugin/releases), whereas Metadata Menu has been supported for [almost two years](https://github.com/mdelobelle/metadatamenu/releases?page=15). Metadata Menu also has many more users currently. Luckily, if Semantic Canvas continues to get support, then I should be able to switch to it in the future without re-linking items together as it creates links based on the current state of a canvas. I would still need to delete the Metadata Menu property(ies), but I could do this on a case-by-case basis as I update the way pages are linked together in a canvas.
### DB Folder - Metadata menu
Reducing the pagination size back to the default of 10 rows/page greatly reduced the slowdown I was experiencing when working in my research canvas and one of its associated folder tables at the same time.
## Research
- I'd like to add pages for source content and original sources to the site. But I don't want to break any copyright laws by sharing screenshots or text copied from the sources. I've [asked for advice](https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladviceofftopic/comments/1bwnx52/can_i_share_screenshots_and_copypasted_text_from/) on r/legaladviceofftopic to see if anyone can provide insight on this. I'm not 100% certain it would be okay, so I'm going to hold off for now.
- I made all of my current assumptions available. I updated the template for these so that each assumption page shows which other pages it supports. This template uses a new [[Public Scripts/Obsidian Scripts/supportedItems.js\|supportedItems.js]] script to filter through an assumption's inlinks.
## Fasting
- I started another 5-day [[Research/Tags/Fasting-Mimicking Diet (FMD)\|Fasting-Mimicking Diet (FMD)]] using avocados on Monday 2024.04.29. My plan is to eat 1 avocado per day for 5 days. I will increase to 2 avocados only if necessary.
- My blood measurements on Monday morning were 114 mg/dL [[Research/Tags/Glucose\|Glucose]] and 0.2 mM [[Research/Tags/Beta-Hydroxybutyrate (BHB)\|Beta-Hydroxybutyrate (BHB)]]. The relatively high blood glucose and relatively low BHB were likely due to me eating several [[Legendary Foods\|Legendary Foods]] snacks late the night before. My blood measurements this morning were 73 mg/dL glucose and 3.3 mM BHB.
## Regenerative Medicine
- I'm in the initial planning stages for getting several areas treated with stem cells. I want to share this journey publicly but I need to get my thoughts organized first. I've added [[Public Whiteboards/Regenerative Medicine.excalidraw\|Regenerative Medicine.excalidraw]] to help with this.
## eBay
I recently began selling a large collection of video games on [[Accounts/eBay\|eBay]]. My process is fairly streamlined now after the initial learning curve, though it is quite time-consuming compared to some of the sellers I've seen on YouTube. I may make a YouTube video on this in the future as I get more experience.